[#179583045] Add documentation for elasticsearch-py compatibility (#411)
alphagov/paas-tech-docs: source/documentation/deploying_services/elasticsearch.md

[Elasticsearch](https://www.elastic.co/) is an open source full-text RESTful search and analytics engine that allows you to store and search data.

> Before using Elasticsearch as your primary data store, you should assess if an [ACID-compliant](https://www.techopedia.com/definition/23949/atomicity-consistency-isolation-durability-acid) backing service such as [PostgreSQL](/deploying_services/postgresql/#postgresql) or [MySQL](/deploying_services/mysql/#mysql) would better meet your needs. Additionally, if using [elasticsearch-py](https://pypi.org/project/elasticsearch), you should check our [Compatibility Notes](#compatibility-notes)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Before using Elasticsearch as your primary data store, you should assess if an [ACID-compliant](https://www.techopedia.com/definition/23949/atomicity-consistency-isolation-durability-acid) backing service such as [PostgreSQL](/deploying_services/postgresql/#postgresql) or [MySQL](/deploying_services/mysql/#mysql) would better meet your needs. Additionally, if using [elasticsearch-py](https://pypi.org/project/elasticsearch), you should check our [Compatibility Notes](#compatibility-notes).
```

cf update-service my-es-service -c '{"ip_filter": "1.2.3.4,9.10.11.12"}'
```

### Compatibility Notes

#### elasticsearch-py

> [elasticsearch-py](https://pypi.org/project/elasticsearch) versions `>=7.14.0` are no longer compatible with AWS managed Elasticsearch instances. Until [Opensearch](https://github.com/opensearch-project) release their fork, [elasticsearch-py `7.13.4`](https://pypi.org/project/elasticsearch/7.13.4/) should be used.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
[elasticsearch-py](https://pypi.org/project/elasticsearch) versions `>=7.14.0` are no longer compatible with AWS-managed Elasticsearch instances. Until [Opensearch](https://github.com/opensearch-project) release their fork, you should use [elasticsearch-py `7.13.4`](https://pypi.org/project/elasticsearch/7.13.4/).
```

> [Department for International Trade](https://github.com/uktrade) have provided more information in a [pull request](https://github.com/uktrade/data-hub-api/pull/3672) on one of their repositories.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The [Department for International Trade](https://github.com/uktrade) have provided more information in a [pull request](https://github.com/uktrade/data-hub-api/pull/3672) on one of their repositories.
```
